Update contrast.mdx (#3624)
digdir/designsystemet: apps/www/app/content/best-practices/en/accessibility/contrast.mdx

      (w3.org)](https://www.w3.org/Translations/WCAG21-no/#contrast-enhanced)
    </li>
    <li>
      **WCAG 2.2: 2.4.13** Focus Appearance (Level AAA), the appearance of
      the focus indicator requires that contrast ratio between the same 
      pixels in the focused and unfocused states must be at least 3:1.
      [Understanding Success Criterion 2.4.13: Focus Appearance | WAI |
      W3C](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/focus-appearance.html)
    </li>
    <li>
      **WCAG 3** has a requirement for color and contrast, visual contrast in text
      (silver): Ensure sufficient contrast between foreground text and the
      background of the text. A new method, called APCA,
      is now used to calculate the contrast.
    </li>
  </ul>
</Card>

## A new and more accurate method

WCAG 3.0 now proposes a more accurate method than today's standard for calculating contrast and setting threshold values.

<ul>
  <li>
    The method improves how the value between two colors is measured, and also

>     differs based in whether the colors are in the foreground or background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    differs based on whether the colors are in the foreground or background.
```

  </li>
  <li>
    It also sets clear threshold values or target values for font selection,
    text size, and font weight. The method is called Advanced Perceptual Contrast
    Algorithm (APCA).
  </li>
  <li>

>     Our goal is to achieve a level beyond the AAA requirements in WCAG 2.1, witch means we will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Our goal is to exceed AAA requirements in WCAG 2.1, witch means we will
```
Feel like "exceed" is a better word here
```suggestion
    Our goal is to achieve a level beyond the AAA requirements in WCAG 2.1, which means we will
```
No witches here

    be closer to the threshold values in APCA. This increases the probability of meeting
    the requirement for everyone, including those with visual impairments, to be able to view
    the content on the website.
  </li>
</ul>

## We follow a standard today that goes beyond the accessibility requirements

> To ensure that the content in public digital services is accessible to all users, we aim to achieve compliance with WCAG 2.1 at level AAA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that the content in public digital services is accessible to all users, we aim to achieve compliance with WCAG 2.1 AAA.
```
Feel like this read better, but your change works as well

To further enhance readability, we have ambitions to achieve contrast at level 4. This is the top level in the APCA method, which is now being proposed in WCAG 3.0.

## Why isn't today's standard good enough?

We know that even if a solution meets the specific requirements from the universal design regulations, it is not necessarily universally designed and accessible. Since the eye's ability to perceive colors and light is not part of the method, it is unsuitable for calculating the difference in brightness in a combination of colors.

> If we follow the method in WCAG 2, we technically meet the requirement for universal design, but this does not mean that the content is accessible or universally designed. Therefore, we will make a lot of effort to also meet the future WCAG 3 requirements that use the APCA method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we follow the method in WCAG 2, we technically meet the requirement for universal design, but this does not mean that the content is accessible or universally designed. Therefore, we will put in a lot of effort to also meet the future WCAG 3 requirements that use the APCA method.
```

<Card data-color='brand2' variant="tinted">
  **Contrast in WCAG 3 "visual contrast algorithm"** <br />In WCAG 3 a
  visual-contrast algorithm called APCA is used. It still uses the
  color values to calculate the contrast, but also whether the color is
  text, graphics, foreground or background. In addition, the choice of font,
  font weight and size also have an impact on which contrast values are
  approved. Different colors that in WCAG 2 would have achieved similar

>   contrast values could in APCA get different values. That is because it calculates to a greater extent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  contrast values could in APCA get different values. This is because it calculates to a greater extent
```
